TW edits: Update tutorials/deployments.md (#13135)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/tutorial/deployments.md

    get_repo_info.serve(name="my-first-deployment")
```

By running this script, you:

> - Create a deployment called "my-first-deployment" for your flow in the Prefect API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a deployment named "my-first-deployment" for your flow in the Prefect API.
```

> - Continue running workflows to listen for flow runs for this deployment; when a run is found, it *asynchronously executes within a subprocess*.

Reviewer: The script just creates a process that listens - it doesn't trigger additional flow runs.

A few observations:

- The `flow.to_deployment` interface exposes the *exact same* options as `flow.serve`; this method produces a deployment object.

> - Register deployments with the API after you call `serve(...)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The script only registers the deployment with the API when `serve(...)` is called.
```

Reviewer: As written, it sounds like the user needs to take an action - which isn't the case.

Reviewer 2: fwiw, my 2 cents here

> Calling `.serve()` registers the flow as a deployment - you can now trigger it on a schedule or on events.

- When serving multiple deployments, the only requirement is that they share a Python environment; you can execute and schedule them independently of each other.

## Hybrid deployments

> Prefect's deployments enable a hybrid execution model. This allows you to run workflows in Prefect Cloud or your own server, optimizing resource usage and data privacy. No inbound connections needed.

Reviewer: I would suggest using the language in the tip here and maybe keep it as an admonition. 

The language here doesn't really capture what the hybrid model (which is only really relevant with Prefect Cloud) is for.

For more information, see [hybrid model](https://www.prefect.io/security/overview/#hybrid-model).

## Next steps

Congratulations! You now have your first working deployment.

> However, if your team has more complex infrastructure requirements or you'd like to have Prefect manage flow execution, you can [deploy flows to a work pool](/tutorial/work-pools/).

Reviewer: I think it's worth an explicit ask to continue to the next step of the tutorial here.
